- So I've always had this in my head
and I was like, "When I have time,
I'm gonna write this book."
And then large language models came out
and I was like, "Man, that'd be cool."
Like, "If I have time, I'm gonna like work
with the large language models.
I can get started writing that book."
And then I was like, "Wait a minute,
we can go directly to video."
This is like two months ago.
I was like, "I can just create a movie."
That's amazing. That's amazing!
I'm so excited. I was like, "Wow."
'Cause in my head I was always like,
"I don't write this.
And then when I write it..."
but actually it's like more
like it's a movie in my head and all this,
and I'm like, "Whoa, whoa."
Which is like cutting out
steps in my made up universe
of what I'm gonna do.